Assignment 7

Question One:
The cleanup() function closes communications between clients. The system message
control operations immediately removes the message queues, awaening all
waiting reader and writer processes.

Question Two:
The message function sends and receives messages from a message queue. If
the message is longer than msgz bytes and IPC_NOWAIT isn't specified, the
calling process is blocked until a message of the desired type is placed in the
queue and breaks.

Question Three:
It is useful to populate the set with SIGINT and SIGTERM because it means
SIGINT and SIGTERM can't occur while the code is running unless the message
is not received.

Question Four:
A total of 10 clients are able to connect to this server simultaneously
because The socket associated with the new descriptor returned by accept on
the server will use the same port on the server side of the connection as the
original socket. The new socket will have a different client port number.

Question Five:
INADDR_ANY is used when you don't need to bind a socket to a specific IP.
When you use this value as the address when calling bind() , the socket accepts
connections to all the IPs of the machine.

Question Six:
The child processes occurs every time a new connection is made. The child
processed terminates when a connection is gone or when a host terminates the
connection.

Question Seven:
They are set to default because for every time a new child proccess is
created, it should have the same disposition as the previous in order to
all be connected in the same server.

Question Eight:
The child process receives a message from the connected socket and then uses
msgsnd to send messages to the message queue.

Question Nine:
It kills the parent process id because to clear the message queue for any
upcoming messages sent by a different child process.

Question Ten:
If the message queue identifier, that is removed from the system, or if
the message queue is full, then the message is not written in the queue and
is suspended until the message can be written.

Question Eleven:
A connected client can cause that for loop if the message has a length
greater than msgsz and IPC_NOWAIT isn't specified. It will truncate the message
(NSG_NOERROR)
